Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to create and apply Event Profile using Knox Manage.
Let’s get started
It is impossible for IT admins to configure management policies that can fit for all cases by one normal profile,
as each user's environment and situation is different. Knox Manage solves this problem by Event Profile that can intelligently apply
dynamic policies to devices according to specific situations, which can minimize manual work for IT admins.
Profiles can be configured with specific events for them, such as day and time, network environment such as Wi-Fi SSID
or roaming status, or location. The policies in these profiles are applied only when the chosen conditions are met.
In this video, we will demonstrate how IT admin can set a time limit to disable a browser app for example during the weekends,
while allowing to use during the weekdays, for working hours.
Before you begin, you will need to:
• Create a Samsung account
• Register and activate Knox Manage tenant
• Inside Knox Manage:
Activate license,
•  Create an user and assign it to a group
•  Enroll Android Enterprise device
Once you’re ready to begin, sign into your account at samsungknox.com.
Click Knox Manage on the left side of the screen to launch the console.
This will take you to the Knox Manage Dashboard.
In the left navigation, select Profile. Here you can add, copy, apply, modify or delete your profiles.
To create an Event Profile, let’s start by adding a new profile. Select Add.
In the menu that shows up, type Profile name, select Platform and toggle Event Profile button to create an event.
Note that you can only enable events when adding a new profile. If you want to add events for a profile that already exists,
you need to add a new profile that includes the same options as the existing profile, and the events.
From the Event Type pick "Day and Time“,
select time zone,
day/s, and the time period.
This can be set even in multiple combinations.
Plus, “Allow Run Offline” will allow the event profile to work even when the device is offline.
After filling out conditions click Save & set policy.
In this video, we will show how to block an app only during the weekends, for example.
To do so, there needs to be a pair of Event Profiles to turn both on and off;
one for the event on to block the app during weekends, and another for the event off to allow it back again during weekdays.
To set your event on profile, pick an app and the group of devices or users you’d like to assign it to,
add them to the App Execution Blocklist Setting in the application submenu and add it by clicking Apply, and Add.
Then click OK and then save & assign.
Don’t miss out on configuring a policy for event “off” as well.
During the day on Friday, it worked, whereas now it does not launch the app.
As you can see on the device with a set time limit, the selected apps can’t be accessed outside of chosen time window.
As time goes by, you can use the app again when coming Monday morning,
while on control group devices they’re available without any time constraints, meaning that the users can use any app at any time.
Time events are especially good for schools and office work cases. It prevents students and employees from accessing certain apps when they shouldn’t.
How practical! It can be above your expectation.
When it comes to a network environment use case, you may create an event profile with a certain Wi-Fi SSID so that mobile devices are applied
with specific policies when connected to the company Wi-Fi—not being able to browse YouTube on the company network, for example.
This concludes our tour on creating and applying Event Profile using Knox Manage.
For more information on Knox Manage, or on getting started with other Knox services, visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!